Markets and industry are edging toward a unified carbon pricing system away from fragmented regional or national approaches, pushed there as climate-change alarm grows. This growing demand from so-far voluntary participants has prompted the world’s first daily carbon credit price assessments from S&P Global Platts, the firm says.Platts will use a leading airline emissions measure as the baseline as the sector implements pollution offsets beginning this year. Ultimately, shipping, power, manufacturing, agriculture and other segments of the economy are intended targets for such credits.Attaching a price to emissions and allowing emitters to offset their pollution with a credit-swapping system is considered one tool in the fight to slow man-made global warming. The next United Nations Conference of the Parties (COP), to be hosted by the U.K. in Glasgow in November, is expected to formalize international trade in carbon credits under the Paris Agreement. Don’t miss: The real math behind ‘net zero’ emissions as 100s of countries and companies make their pledge “While 2020 brought CO2 emissions declines totaling 6.4% driven by an unprecedented worldwide economic lockdown from COVID, S&P Global Platts Analytics currently projects that global CO2 energy combustion emissions will grow 4.4% in 2021 vs. 2020 levels and not be aligned with the long-term downward trajectory needed to hit emissions targets,” said Roman Kramarchuk, head of future energy analytics with S&P Global Platts. That creates “an ongoing strong potential role for financing and investments into reductions and removals” of emissions, he said.Offsets, for instance, might be linked to forest restoration in Brazil or promoting renewable energy use in fast developing India. Emission credits are a debated approach among environmental advocates. Critics worry the system doesn’t encourage a quick enough shift from fossil-fuel burning
        NG00,
        -0.56%
       toward renewables
        ICLN,
        +7.20%,
       while proponents welcome market-based approaches for balancing the globe’s energy needs against science-backed warming concerns.  Taxing pollution is a penalty-based approach that is also gaining traction in some countries. Read: Here are analysts’ 10 favorite clean-energy stocks to buy now “We’re now seeing a significant volume in trade in voluntary carbon credits, which are set to grow exponentially,”  said Jonty Rushforth, senior director of S&P Global Platts Price Group.  For now, both a voluntary emissions offset program, such as that tracked and priced by S&P Global Platts, and the existing compliance-mandated cap-and-trade programs will have a shared role, said Kramarchuk. Cap-and-trade is decades old but never achieved broad adoption, in part because of fragmentation and shallow volume. California, for instance, still engages in a regional cap-and-trade program. And South Korea has taken a lead in expanding its own emissions trading.The Platts product tracks the International Civil Aviation Organization’s CORSIA program, which has created the mechanism to allow airlines to  offset their emissions.  Worldwide, flights produced 915 million metric tons of CO2 in 2019, according to data the industry promotes. Globally, humans produced over 43 billion metric tons of CO2 that year.The first day for the product revealed prices at 80 cents/mtCO2e on Jan. 4. That is strategically at the low end of a historic pricing range for airlines,  Rushforth told MarketWatch. The price reflects continuing uncertainty for fuel demand in the face of the ongoing pandemic, as international airline emissions remain largely below target. Airlines that are part of the International Civil Aviation Organization had already pledged to reduce their carbon footprint through a voluntary period from 2021-2023 and follow up with a mandatory reduction period from 2024 onwards. Beyond the airlines baseline, the assessments, which Platts will add to, will reflect credits from projects certified by The Gold Standard, Climate Action Reserve (CAR), Verified Carbon Standard (VCS), Architecture for REDD+ Transactions and the American Carbon Registry. Related:  ‘Hold the champagne’ on China’s updated climate-change target — guide markers still don’t guarantee net zero emissions by 2060 Rachel Koning Beals is a MarketWatch news editor in Chicago.